c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\SumeriaApp3.dll.config
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\SumeriaApp3.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\SumeriaApp3.pdb
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\Gizmox.WebGUI.Client.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\Gizmox.WebGUI.Common.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.Design.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.Themes.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\Gizmox.WebGUI.Server.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.pdb
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.xml
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.Themes.pdb
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\Gizmox.WebGUI.Client.pdb
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.Design.pdb
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\de-AT\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\de-DE\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\es-GT\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\fa-IR\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\fr-CA\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\he-IL\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\is-IS\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\ja-JP\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\nl-NL\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\pl-PL\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\pt-BR\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\pt-PT\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\sv-SE\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\tr-TR\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\zh-CHS\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\bin\he-IL\Gizmox.WebGUI.Forms.Design.resources.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\obj\Debug\SumeriaApp3.Form1.resources
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\obj\Debug\SumeriaApp3.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\obj\Debug\SumeriaApp3.dll
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\obj\Debug\SumeriaApp3.pdb
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\obj\Debug\SumeriaApp3.LoginAdmin.resources
c:\users\ndelcast\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SumeriaApp3\SumeriaApp3\obj\Debug\SumeriaApp3.MenuAdmin.resources
